Florida Condo Lease Agreement
This Lease Agreement between Renado Coghlin (Lessor) and Renado Coghlin
(Lessee) was executed on Monday, May 3, 1999.

For informational purposes, here are the contact details of both parties:
Lessee Information Lessor Information
Renado Coghlin
+72 (47) 799-0420
kspiteri@example.com
15 Springs Trail, 0509 Transport Point
Annapolis, Maryland, 21405
United States
Renado Coghlin
kspiteri@example.com
+72 (47) 799-0420

PREMISE
The Condominium is located at 15 Springs Trail, Annapolis, Maryland, 21405.
The Lessee will use the condominium for residential living purposes only.
The Lessee and Lessor agree that in the time of this agreement, the condominium is in
good condition.

TERM
This Agreement states that the lease term will start on Monday, May 3, 1999 and will
end on Monday, May 3, 1999.
For renewals, a new agreement or contract is required and needs to be signed.

PAYMENTS
The monthly payment costs $7.
Payments will be made via Option 1.
The person who will receive the payment is Renado Coghlin (Lessor).
For late payments which is 5 days after the due date, there'll be an additional charge of
$7.

SECURITY DEPOSIT
There'll be one month advance and a security deposit of $7. This deposit can be
refunded when the Lessee moves out depending on the condition of the condominium
and utilities. This fee will also be used for possible repairs or replacement of any
materials in the condominium.
If the Lessor has 5 or more units, then it is required to disclose the Security Deposit
Holdings in accordance with State Statute 83.49.
This should be done within 30 days of Lessee's payment of the advance rent or security
deposit. In a written format, the Lessor should let the Lessee know that the Lessor is
holding the money and the interest rate.

OCCUPANCY
The number of occupants will be 7 . The Lessee is allowed to have 7 or less. The
guests can stay in the condominium for a maximum of 3 days as needed.

DEFAULT
In a situation where the Lessee unable to complete the payment in 2 months, the Lessor
has the right to end this contract or agreement and evict the Lessee from the
condominium.

SUB-LEASE
The Lessee is Option 1 to sublet the condominium to another person to live or occupy
with.

UTILITIES
The Lessee is responsible for paying the electric, water, cable, internet connection, and
telephone. The Lessee will also be the one responsible for paying the condominium
association groups.

FURNITURE
The condominium came with furniture and appliances listed in the move-in checklist
document. These properties are owned by the Lessor and part of the lease agreement.
The Lessee is responsible for taking good care of the equipment and furniture that came
with the condominium. The Lessee will be responsible for paying for any repair or
replacement of the damaged properties.

MODIFICATIONS
For alterations or modifications, written permission from the Lessor is required.

MAINTENANCE
For repairs, the Lessee is allowed to handle it together with the in-house repair person
assigned in the condominium.
For maintenance and inspection, the Lessor will be responsible for it.
The Lessee is responsible for keeping the condominium in good condition.
The Lessee should also follow and implement the standard cleanliness and orderliness
of the condominium.
The Lessor is allowed to enter the condominium for the purpose of inspection, repair,
maintenance, or emergency.

LANDLORD'S ADDRESS DISCLOSURE
In accordance with the law (State Statue 83.50), here's the Landlord's Address: 15
Springs Trail, Annapolis, Maryland, 21405
RULES AND REGULATIONS
The Lessee agrees not to use the condominium in a way to disturb the peace in the
surroundings or the building.
The Lessee is not allowed to keep firearms, bows, combat knife, and other weapons in
the lease condominium.
Pets are Option 1 in the lease condominium.
Smoking is Option 1 in the lease condominium.

INSURANCE
The Lessor is responsible for purchasing and maintaining appropriate insurance for the
condominium. If requested by the Lessee, the certificate of insurance can be viewed.
The Lessee personal properties are not covered in the insurance purchased by the
Lessor against loss, theft, and negligence of the lease condominium.

LEAD-BASED PAINT DISCLOSURE
This condominium/building Option 1. If the condominium was built before 1978, then it
may contain lead-based paint. If that is the case, then the Lessor must disclose this
information to the Lessee.

RADON GAS
In accordance with the Florida State Statute 404.056(5):
RADON GAS: Radon is a naturally occurring radioactive gas that, when it has
accumulated in a building in sufficient quantities, may present health risks to persons
who are exposed to it over time. Levels of radon that exceed federal and state
guidelines have been found in buildings in Florida. Additional information regarding
radon and radon testing may be obtained from your county health department.

INDEMNIFICATION
The Lessee indemnifies the Lessor and the condominium free and harmless against any
liabilities like accidents, loss of property, injury, or death of any person.

AMENDMENT
This Lease Agreement can only be changed or modified with the written consent or
permission from both the Lessee and the Lessor.

GOVERNING LAW
This Lease Agreement shall be governed under the laws of the State of Maryland.
The undersigned, hereby agreed that both the Lessor and the Lessee read this
Condominium Lease Agreement and acknowledge it.